hey guys this is a PUD
and this is just a quick update on what
is going on so the first thing I want to
mention is I'm about to hit 2,000 subs
or maybe by the time this thing gets
published I will be over 2,000 but that
is that is just awesome to me I mean to
me that means that 2,000 people actually
care about the videos I am putting out
and I put a lot of effort into these
things I was not doing this stuff I
don't do this for a living I don't do
anything to do with animations or videos
so I've been learning how to do this
stuff from scratch so it's really cool
to see the appreciation that you guys
have given me thank you thank you thank
you
so I'm doing a giveaway it's the couple
big items the first one is a Nexus 6
which is I guess androids flagship right
now and it's a white one I think it's a
white one I'm not sure I have to double
check but I think it's a white and
silver one and the second item that's
big is in MX 200 500 gig SSD so that's
just a really big super fast SSD which
is it's always cool and the third item I
know this is like monetarily it's not
very expensive but I think it's super
cool it is a white mouse pad so this is
the one I use and it's made by
SteelSeries and it's pretty rare I mean
they came out a few years ago for some
gaming event I don't think you can
easily get them right now but when they
were out I purchased like five of them
because I thought white mouse pads are
cool and I still think they're cool but
I want to share with one of them with
one of you guys so that's up on the
board other things there is some I got
five heroes of the storm beta keys and
the last item which i think is kind of
cool are these little charging cables
that I got from Japan so there's I have
three of them in microUSB and three of
them with lightning and they're from
Japan they're colorful they're short and
they're like a ribbon material and they
are like my go-to charging cable so I
think they're pretty cool and I would
love to give some to you guys so to win
this thing
you just write one comment below in the
comments and just one entry per person I
guess just write something anything
could be anything it could be I love you
Dave 2d it could be I freaking hate you
Dave 2d doesn't matter cell counts as an
entry you still have a chance to win and
then on March 27th in the evening I
guess before it rolls over to the March
28th eastern time so midnight March 27th
I will randomly pick out however many
prizes there are and just whoever gets
the first pick gets first choice so I'll
contact you and you can choose whatever
you want chances are that first guy who
gets picked is gonna get that Nexus 6
but who knows and the last thing I want
to talk about just real quickly here I
mentioned it in a video before I was
trying to do a upgrade on my setup so I
had I used to do my stuff on a retina
MacBook Pro just the base model it was
struggling with a lot of the video
renders
so I built an eight-core Windows machine
it's rocking to 5960 the video cards of
gtx 980 i'm hoping to be able to stick a
titan in there but those things are
super expensive so maybe not 32 gigs of
ram and i also borrowed my friends you
can see them back there a mac pro 8 core
also 32 gigs of ram and it's rocking a
pair of d7 hundreds and I'll get I'll do
the video next week or maybe the week
after when I compare the two in detail
but I mean they are both of these
machines are just freaking phenomenal
and just very expensive but very fast
and it's really cool to have access to
two of them right now but that'll be in
next week's video but yeah I really
appreciate all the support you guys are
giving me like I just can't say it
enough it's thank you thank you thank
you thank you it's really awesome it's
been nice I'll see you guys next time